Add Specification page (#21)
neurostuff/compose-docs: docs/guide/Project/Running.md

```
nsc-runner <meta-analysis-id>
```

---

# Viewing and intepreting your results

> After sucesfully running your meta-analysis, results will be uploaded back to Neurosynth Compose and NeuroVault, where you can interactively view and intepret your results.

Reviewer: fix spelling

> After sucesfully running your meta-analysis, results will be uploaded back to Neurosynth Compose and NeuroVault, where you can interactively view and intepret your results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successfully running your meta-analysis, results will be uploaded back to Neurosynth Compose and NeuroVault, where you can interactively view and interpret your results.
```
